---
page_title: "verifiedid_resource Data Source - terraform-provider-verifiedid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can list resources or read an individual resource from the Microsoft Graph API.
---

# verifiedid_resource (Data Source)

This data source can list resources or read an individual resource from the Microsoft Graph API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `url` (String) The URL of the data source. It supports both collection URL which is used to list resources, for example `/users`, and item URL which is used to read an individual resource, for example `/users/{id}`.

### Optional

- `api_version` (String) The API version of the data source. The allowed values are `v1.0` and `beta`. Defaults to `v1.0`.
- `headers` (Map of String) A map of headers to include in the request
- `query_parameters` (Map of List of String) A map of query parameters to include in the request
- `response_export_values` (Map of String) A map where the key is the name for the result and the value is a JMESPath query string to filter the response. Here's an example. If it sets to `{"all" = "@", "app_id" = "appId"}`, it will set the following HCL object to the computed property output.

	```text
	{
		"all" = {
			"appId" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
			"displayName" = "example"
			"id" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
			...
		}
		"app_id" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
	}
	```

To learn more about JMESPath, visit [JMESPath](https://jmespath.org/).
- `retry` (Attributes) The retry object supports the following attributes: (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource. Normally, it is in the format of UUID if it is a single resource. If it is a collection resource, it will be the URL of the collection.
- `output` (Dynamic) The output HCL object containing the properties specified in `response_export_values`. Here are some examples to use the values.

	```terraform
	 output "app_id" {
	   // it will output the value of app_id
	   value = verifiedid_resource.application.output.app_id
	 }
	 
	 output "all" {
	   // it will output the whole response
	   value = verifiedid_resource.application.output.all
	 }
	```

<a id="nestedatt--retry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry`

Required:

- `error_message_regex` (List of String) A list of regular expressions to match against error messages. If any of the regular expressions match, the request will be retried.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
